Day01_July11/README.md, before:

ESI-DCAFM-TACO-VDSP Summer School on "Machine Learning for Materials Hard and Soft"
=====================

Public repository for the ESI-DCAFM-TACO-VDSP Summer School from the 11th of July to the 22nd of July. 
These are the code examples for the tutorial on day 1 of the 2022 summer school, basics of machine learning.
In this session, you will learn the following:

1. How to use scikit-learn to apply simple machine learning algorithmis, using very little code 
2. What are the very basics of JAX, a machine learning library by Google
3. How to implement a simple neural network from scratch using JAX
4. How to improve your model and training using JAX helper libraries

All code for these sessions is contained in standalone jupyter notebooks, which can run on google colab:

- [Notebook 1: Scikit learn](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MScherbela/jax_tutorial/blob/master/01_ml_basics_sklearn.ipynb)
- [Notebook 2: Basics of JAX](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MScherbela/jax_tutorial/blob/master/02_jax_basics.ipynb) 
- [Notebook 3: Neural Net from scratch](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MScherbela/jax_tutorial/blob/master/03_neural_net_from_scratch.ipynb) 
- [Notebook 4: JAX libraries](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MScherbela/jax_tutorial/blob/master/04_neural_net_using_libraries.ipynb)

Commit message:

Added live demo scripts; fixed paths to be fully self-contained within the SummerSchool repo

Day01_July11/README.md, after:

ESI-DCAFM-TACO-VDSP Summer School on "Machine Learning for Materials Hard and Soft"
=====================

Public repository for the ESI-DCAFM-TACO-VDSP Summer School from the 11th of July to the 22nd of July. 
These are the code examples for the tutorial on day 1 of the 2022 summer school, basics of machine learning.
In this session, you will learn the following:

1. How to use scikit-learn to apply simple machine learning algorithmis, using very little code 
2. What are the very basics of JAX, a machine learning library by Google
3. How to implement a simple neural network from scratch using JAX
4. How to improve your model and training using JAX helper libraries

All code for these sessions is contained in standalone jupyter notebooks, which can run on google colab:

- [Notebook 1: Scikit learn](https://github.com/CompPhysVienna/MLSummerSchoolVienna2022/blob/main/Day01_July11/01_ml_basics_sklearn.ipynb)
- [Notebook 2: Basics of JAX](https://github.com/CompPhysVienna/MLSummerSchoolVienna2022/blob/main/Day01_July11/02_jax_basics.ipynb) 
- [Notebook 3: Neural Net from scratch](https://github.com/CompPhysVienna/MLSummerSchoolVienna2022/blob/main/Day01_July11/03_neural_net_from_scratch.ipynb) 
- [Notebook 4: JAX libraries](https://github.com/CompPhysVienna/MLSummerSchoolVienna2022/blob/main/Day01_July11/04_neural_net_using_libraries.ipynb)


UPDATE
------

The scripts which were built live during the tutorials on July 11, can be found here:
https://github.com/CompPhysVienna/MLSummerSchoolVienna2022/tree/main/Day01_July11/data
